[all] docs: rework CONTRIBUTING.md (#1145)
tournesol-app/tournesol: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Tournesol

Tournesol is a collective project made possible by the contributions of many

> donors and volunteers. We would love for you to help us in this adventure to

Author: It looks like both donors and donators work, the later is more rare according to Linguee.

quality of its open database.

Tournesol behaves as the algorithmic representative of its community. The more
the community is big and diverse, the more the recommendation and the database
will be representative of a larger scale of the population opinion.

Talking about Tournesol to your friends can help the project to transform from
a small initiative to a broadly known step in the ethics of algorithms and
large scale recommender systems research.

## Got a Question or Problem?

Please do not open issues for general support questions as we want to keep
GitHub issues for bug reports and feature requests.

We collect and answer questions on [Discord][ts-discord-join], in the
dedicated channels. This way all the community can benefit from your question
and also provides answers.

## Found a Bug?

If you find a bug in the application or in the source code, you can help us by
submitting an issue to our [GitHub Repository][ts-github-repo]. Even better,
if you are a programmer with spare time you can submit a Pull Request with a
fix.

## Missing Feature?

You can request a new feature by submitting an issue to our GitHub Repository.

> Depending on the subject or the complexity, and before planning anything, the
> development team will first discuss the feature to define a clear
> implementation.

Reviewer: I find the sentence you propose a bit convoluted and missing the mention of "priorities"

```suggestion
Depending on the subject or the complexity the development team will first
evaluate the value of the feature for the whole community, then plan how it
can be implemented and where it fits in the project's priorities.
```
